The Immortal Pavilion has been dusty for thousands of years
No one in the past dynasties of the Vowel Sect could open it
In the eyes of the old man
This kid is wasting our time
It doesn't matter
Since the Holy One opened his mouth
Let him try
But don't blame the old man for not reminding
If you dare to deliberately procrastinate and deceive
But don't blame the old man for being rude to you.
Yechen that kid
To ensure that no one under the nine heavens can open these
And begged me to hire him for four positions
How can ordinary people understand this right path?
It's not the right time or place today
Take a break
Let's talk tomorrow
Great Protector, he
I'd like to see it
How did you open this trap?
The Great Protector is clearly entertaining me
Now the night has passed
He wouldn't budge.
I don't think it can be opened at all
This character
You and I think it's better to get rid of my life as soon as possible
A brat who has not yet been embroidered
Can you tease the deity
Ah!
I slept soundly
Beautiful beautiful
You, you promised the Holy Venerable to open this Immortal Pavilion
Now it's so neglected
Do you really think my Xuanyin Sect has no temper?
Xuanyin Sect in my opinion
It's no different from any other clique
As long as the deity is willing
That Xuanyin Sect is a broken player
You you you worry to death
But after this night
I figured out how to open this Immortal Pavilion
How dare you tease me?
Why don't you believe it?
Give me a sword
Just try it
You Xuanyingzong
The Immortal Pavilion that cannot be opened for thousands of years
Now it's time to see the light of day
Queen